swang yeah yeah yeah yeah some real
some really real um cut the fiction
you masturbated you run it is like
picking pockets living if you love my
sleep in a new bus stop try never move
us these in the porno mag is nigga stand
down for disease is a part of life for
the better for the truth to that seen it
it's sort of like me thank you doing I
wanted like cheese competition is tough
that's I'm just wishing and catching up
now they know they pack your knives and
managed to finish some drop the knife
critics listening crazy and my tongue is
sharper than they take it when it yeah
sure don't cuz his record and still they
can you love me and you bought the
decibel and the real ago for the game
for the heart
when you fall in the game
cuz only be
but it goes
don't you got the game on lock down come
over the
you feel me she never talks rocket but
she be acting alone babe with everybody
that's cuz she all to get abused solid
when she walked into the room at high
school always actually the brother know
the nigga did he call her back he was
using weighted the ride that day one out
bit over there the end of the day
my nigga that real I wonder how
babe with that the head another day
my nigga that rather go
break your balls with a pain for the
game you ain't seen nothing but
you got the game on down
baby ain't gonna stop now for the money
so for the game straight for the heart
breaking ball for the Bay where you the
game is running but you got the game
down with it baby weight goes down now
you got the game all right now come up
with the top that you wake up now yeah
is that great basketball